publish release v1.13.0-beta.0, v1.12.3, v1.11.6, v1.10.10 (#6090)
karmada-io/karmada: docs/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.13.md

    - [Dependencies](#dependencies-1)
    - [Helm Charts](#helm-charts-1)
    - [Instrumentation](#instrumentation-1)
- [v1.13.0-alpha.1](#v1130-alpha1)
  - [Downloads for v1.13.0-alpha.1](#downloads-for-v1130-alpha1)
  - [Changelog since v1.12.0](#changelog-since-v1120)
  - [Urgent Update Notes](#urgent-update-notes-2)
  - [Changes by Kind](#changes-by-kind-2)
    - [API Changes](#api-changes-2)
    - [Features & Enhancements](#features--enhancements-2)
    - [Deprecation](#deprecation-2)
    - [Bug Fixes](#bug-fixes-2)
    - [Security](#security-2)
  - [Other](#other-2)
    - [Dependencies](#dependencies-2)
    - [Helm Charts](#helm-charts-2)
    - [Instrumentation](#instrumentation-2)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# v1.13.0-beta.0
## Downloads for v1.13.0-beta.0

Download v1.13.0-beta.0 in the [v1.13.0-beta.0 release page](https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada/releases/tag/v1.13.0-beta.0).

## Changelog since v1.13.0-alpha.2

## Urgent Update Notes

> - Starting from release `v1.13.0-beta.0`, the Lua function `string.rep` and `string.gsub` is not supported by Karmada lua interpreter. 
>   Before upgrading, please check the Lua scripts in your custom Karmada resource interpreter to confirm whether these two lua functions are used. If they are, please remove them first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Karmada Lua interpreter will no longer support the Lua functions `string.rep` and `string.gsub`. Typically, these functions are not frequently used in custom Karmada resource interpreters. They are disabled due to potential security risks. Before upgrading, please review your Lua scripts to verify whether these functions are being used. If they are, please replace them with alternative implementations.
```

## Changes by Kind

### API Changes
- `API Change`: Introduced `PriorityClassName` in `Karmada` API which will be used to specify the priority class name of that component. ([#6068](https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada/pull/6068), @jabellard)

### Features & Enhancements

> None.

Reviewer: Missed #5797?
